Notes to osc dev directory


NOTIFY

	OSCStub.exe will start Game.exe and other important stuff (see source code or following documentation)
	Game.exe will start the programm.
	At this time osc is not multilanguage. It will be reimplemented later
	
DIRECTORIES

	.git									git hub system directoy (don´t tuch!)
	Audio									contains required Audio files. Loading from this in Lib/System/Audio.rb
	Data									contains the main code - this loading additional code
	Graphics							contains required graphics - sorted in sub directories. most of sub folders are obsulete!
	Graphics/SkinFiles		the default osu! skin
	Kagurame							userfolder dev system win 7 Kagu-chan
	Kai										userfolder dev system win xp Kagu-chan
	Lib										contains the main code - see Lib/Load.rb for details. Lib/Run.rb runs the code
	Shared								contains language files and temp dir
	Shared/Temp						maybe obsulete!
	StubDev								contains the dev files of the stub. Look in source for more details or following documentation of this
	VBDev Other						obsulete! Old dev dir of skin reader. Skin reader is implemented in stub now. Will be deleted if stub is working!
	Messages							interface Stub => OSC
	Tasks									interface OSC => Stub
	osuSkins							temp skin directory from stub. Stub analize skin files and puts files here. OSC catch scin files from there to user folder
	

FILES


	.gitattributes					git hub system file (don´t tuch!)
	.gitignore							git hub system file (don´t tuch!)
	Game.exe								OSC main app. Dont start it manually.
	Game.ini								ini file for osc. Version info and required script files stored here.
	Game.rxproj							main engine file from osc. Don´t tuch!
	Homescreen Script.txt		design skript.
	PlayerInstall.rar				required rgss player installation directory. unpack and install to use osc.
	README.md								git hub system file (don´t tuch!)
	Test-script.txt					design coding and testing file.
	Todo kagu.txt						germand notifications for main developer
	osusk.ico								main icon of osc.
	Game_original.exe				backup file. obsulete!
	OSCStub_original.exe		backup file. obsulete!
	OSCStub.exe							osc stub. run this to run osc!
	NOTES										this file.
	Data/Scripts.rxdata			main code of osc. include load and run routines and keyboard adresses (don´t tuch!)
	
	
USERFOLDER


	OSC_Skin								contains nothing normally. Copy own files in this to overrite osc graphics or create default files for skins. Looking for correct filename!
	SkinData								contains stored skin preferences (file lists). (don´t tuch!)
	Log.txt									user´s log file. send me this file if you have some errors or problems. Will be overwritten each osc start.
	SkinCache.skd						complete osu skin files file list. (don´t tuch!)
	startup.ini							this configuration file for osc. will be load at first.
	usersettings.ini				your settings.
	
	
STUB STUFF


	*	analize osu skin files at begin
	*	copy analized skin file lists to user folder
	*	finding out osu install directory
	*	creating user folder with default files
	
	OSCStub is controlled via special task files in tasks directory. Don´t create files by hand.
	OSCStub is creating special notes files in messages directory. Don´t create files by hand.
	OSCStub ends automatically if OSC stopped.
	OSC don´t stop if OSCStub stopped.
	Osu could startet from OSCStub, right-clicking notify bar icon and select your function.
	Left-clicking the icon brings OSC to foreground and get system focus on it.
	
	
FILE EXTENSIONS


	*.skd		skin filelists. Its an acronym to SKin Data. Normally it contains big file lists of your osu skin files and story board files.
	
	
UPCOMING UPDATESYSTEM


	osc load all his code and then don´t need the directory "Lib". So OSCStub will update files if OSC running. Replace old files and
	send a message via Messages directory interface - OSC notify user for new version. Only restart osc. A function to restart OSC
	will be implemented in OSCStub, but no auto restart function. OSCStub looking in intervalls for updates and maybe the user is working
	on a skin which is not compiled.
	
	OSCStub will update via an integrated updater (not implemented at this time).
	The update path will be changable in Game.ini file. OSC copy it self to temp directory of the computer system.
	This copy will startet with special parameters, this copy download new files. At programm ending (normally) or forced at start(special 
	notes	in update files) the update files will be changed to programm files (renaming). OSC stub will have a minimal file size.
	
	
OSC FILE SIZE


	A lot of dev copies (skin related) existing. So the directory size is over 100 mb at this time.
	The using version will contains the rgss player (23 mb), code files and osc graphics (~1 mb) and the template skin files (~ 10 mb, 
	will be sorted out for skinnable and not skinnable files).
	So osc has in real a file size of ~~ 35 mb, the maximum i´m thinking about is 50 mb.
	
	139,5 kb of this used by code - the rest been graphics or created own files (e.g. *.skd)